Data dictionary: 

'document_number': The full number of CNPJ (Cadastro Nacional da Pessoa Jurídica), i.e an identifier for Brazilian companies. It is composed by 14 digits, the first 8 identify a company, the next 4 digits define the branch and the final 2 digits are check digits.

'cnpj_basico': The first 8 digits of the full CNPJ.

'establishment_type': The type of establishment - 'MATRIZ': if Headquarters (or Parent Company) - 'FILIAL' if Branch Office (or Subsidiary).

'razao_social': This term is typically translated as "Legal Name" or "Corporate Name." It refers to the official, registered name of the company, often used for legal and administrative purposes.

'nome_fantasia': This term is usually translated as "Trade Name," "Brand Name," or "Doing Business As (DBA) Name." It refers to the name under which a company operates publicly, often used for marketing and branding purposes.

'opening_date': date when the company was created. The date is written in portuguese in the format of day of month of year.

'cnae': The CNAE (Classificação Nacional de Atividades Econômicas) code of a company, the IBGE code for the business activities. The code is generated by grouping several hierarchies, based on the digit position, so the first N digits mean an aggregation on the Nth level. There is further documentation provided on the IBGE website.

'cnae_description': The description of the CNAE - business activity of the company.

'mcc': The Merchant Category Code (MCC) is a four-digit numerical code assigned to businesses by credit card companies and financial institutions to classify the primary type of goods or services they provide. Each MCC corresponds to a specific industry or business type. To get the MCC code, we derived it from the CNAE using a conversion table. 

'mcc_description': The description of the MCC - business activity of the company OBS: It is recommended the usage of CNAE and its description over MCC if you know Portuguese, otherwise feel free to use MCC and its English description. This is because the CNAE is the information originally provided to Receita Federal, while MCC is a translation of the activity to fit into a payments context (and with descriptions in English non-Portuguese speakers can read it to perform the analysis)

'total_branches_and_associates': JSON-like column with information regarding branches and number of associates: 
● total_associates: total number of associates (sócios) of the company 
● 'total_branch(es)': total number of branches of the main CNPJ 

'city_state': City and state of the company

'city_code': IBGE code for the city (it is used in a different array of different data sources, like an identifier for cities, for instance, for the city of Curitiba, its city_code is 4106902, which can be seen in resources such as: https://cidades.ibge.gov.br/brasil/pr/curitiba/panorama, or https://github.com/ipeaGIT/geobr).

'zip_code': Zip code of the company's address.

‘share_capital’: Company's share capital (capital social).

'size_company': Size of the company stated during registration on Receita Federal.

'juri_description': Description of legal entity of the company.

'juri_description_ENG': Description of legal entity of the company translated to English.

'email_provider': The provider of the email provided by the company legal representative at the time of registry.
